docs: add NRDOT fips docs (#23768)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/opentelemetry/nrdot/nrdot-collector.mdx

Before diving into one of our use cases, we recommend familiarizing yourself with the basic concepts of OpenTelemetry Collector to understand how our configurations are structured and how to customize them to your needs.

<Callout variant="tip">

>   The NRDOT Collector supports [FIPS 140-3](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/fips/140-3/final) compliance. To use the FIPS-compliant version, use the Docker image that includes the `-fips` suffix in the version tag (for example, `newrelic/nrdot-collector:1.12.0-fips`). This version uses BoringCrypto ([NIST Certificate](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4735)) to ensure all TLS communications use approved cipher suites. For more information, refer to [NRDOT FIPS documentation](https://github.com/newrelic/nrdot-collector-releases/blob/main/fips/README.md).

Author: ```suggestion
  The NRDOT Collector supports [FIPS 140-3](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/fips/140-3/final) compliance. However, please note that this only applies to Docker images with the `-fips` suffix in the version tag (for example, `newrelic/nrdot-collector:1.12.0-fips`). This version uses BoringCrypto ([NIST Certificate](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4735)) and ensure all TLS communications use approved cipher suites. For more information, refer to [NRDOT FIPS documentation](https://github.com/newrelic/nrdot-collector-releases/blob/main/fips/README.md).
```
Some slight changes to the wording which focus on making sure to not call NRDOT 'compliant' because according to legal only the organization using these tools can be compliant, our software 'supports' them in achieving that compliance. Also BoringCrypto does not ensure the use of the correct cipher suites, that's an additional step, therefore replacing 'to' with 'and'.
